# Problem 1
In this directory, you should see a file named hello.c.
It currently prints "Hello, world. My name is Alice, and I am 42." and
a message about the age of Alice.
Your first task is to edit the program, so that it prints
your name and age:
"Hello, world. My name is Y, and I am Z." To do this you need
to modify two things: the string (represented by the C ```char*``` type) "Alice" and the 
number (represented by the C ```int``` type) 42.

When completed, your file ```hello``` generated by the Makefile
should print the above text.

### Strings and Numbers
In programming, a string is a sequence of characters (or chars) that represent text to the
program. In C, they are started and ended with a quotation mark ("). However,
C also has the character (or ```char```) type which is started and ended with
the single quotation (') and is separate from string (or ```char*```) type.
This means that in C, "C" and 'C' are different types. The other type
in this problem is a number or integer. This type represents a number which
has multiple uses from arithmetic to counters.

### More on Types
You may be wondering what the benefit of types are. Types allow programmers to
catch errors that could have derailed the program. Consider the basic example
2 + "Hello". Most languages will be able to detect a type error like this
and inform the programmer before having to run the program. When working
in a large codebase, typing can help you catch mistakes before
they've been run.

### On Conditionals
Below the print statements (lines with printf), you'll notice a few blocks that
start with if followed by a condition in parentheses. This is your first exposure
to a conditional statement. These are statements that are only run when certain
conditions are met. 

```
if (foo) {
    printf("1");
} else if (bar) {
    printf("2");
} else {
   printf("3");
}
```

In this example, if the condition foo is met we will print 1, if
bar (but not foo) is met, we will print 2, and in all other cases
we will print 3. 
If foo is a number (type ```int```), the statement in the block will be evaluated if it is non-zero.


In hello.c, a different statement is printed based on the
age that you set before compiling your program. Try and change the age
to print each statement!

### Comments
One important part of programming is adding documentation in the form of comments in your code. Comments are notes that do not impact how your code is run, but make it easier for a human to read and understand what the code is doing. In C, there are two ways to add comments. Single line comments are
started with ```//``` and capture the rest of the line. Multi-line comments are started with ```/*``` and ended with ```*/```. Anything between the two
is a comment. So you can have the comment ```// Single line``` or ```/* Multi-line */```. Try adding a comment to your code and verify it does not change how your program runs.